add pretrained model description and saving disk description (#5383)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/pretrained-models.md

Sparse encoding models transfer text into a sparse vector and convert the vector to a list of `<token: weight>` pairs representing the text entry and its corresponding weight in the sparse vector. You can use these models for use cases such as clustering or sparse neural search.

> We recommend the following model choice options for best performance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend the following models for optimal performance:
```

The following table provides a list of sparse encoding models and artifact links you can use to download them.

| Model name | Auto-truncation | TorchScript artifact | Description |
|---|---|---|
| `amazon/neural-sparse/opensearch-neural-sparse-encoding-v1` | Yes | - [model_url](https://artifacts.opensearch.org/models/ml-models/amazon/neural-sparse/opensearch-neural-sparse-encoding-v1/1.0.0/torch_script/opensearch-neural-sparse-encoding-v1-1.0.0-torch_script.zip)<br>- [config_url](https://artifacts.opensearch.org/models/ml-models/amazon/neural-sparse/opensearch-neural-sparse-encoding-v1/1.0.0/torch_script/config.json) | This is a neural sparse encoding model: It transfers text into sparse vector, and then extract nonzero index and value to entry and weights. It serves in both ingestion and search.  |

> | `amazon/neural-sparse/opensearch-neural-sparse-encoding-doc-v1` | Yes | - [model_url](https://artifacts.opensearch.org/models/ml-models/amazon/neural-sparse/opensearch-neural-sparse-encoding-doc-v1/1.0.0/torch_script/opensearch-neural-sparse-encoding-doc-v1-1.0.0-torch_script.zip)<br>- [config_url](https://artifacts.opensearch.org/models/ml-models/amazon/neural-sparse/opensearch-neural-sparse-encoding-doc-v1/1.0.0/torch_script/config.json) | This is a neural sparse encoding model: It transfers text into sparse vector, and then extract nonzero index and value to entry and weights. It serves only in ingestion and customer should use tokenizer model in query. |

Author: Actually in here we have two options for user: 
1. amazon/neural-sparse/opensearch-neural-sparse-encoding-v1 in both ingestion and search
2. amazon/neural-sparse/opensearch-neural-sparse-encoding-doc-v1 in ingestion and
amazon/neural-sparse/opensearch-neural-sparse-tokenizer-v1 in search

These are two options we recommend customers to do so. If customers involve others like doc-v1 in both ingestion/search,  the performance would be worse.

> | `amazon/neural-sparse/opensearch-neural-sparse-tokenizer-v1` | Yes | - [model_url](https://artifacts.opensearch.org/models/ml-models/amazon/neural-sparse/opensearch-neural-sparse-tokenizer-v1/1.0.0/torch_script/opensearch-neural-sparse-tokenizer-v1-1.0.0.zip)<br>- [config_url](https://artifacts.opensearch.org/models/ml-models/amazon/neural-sparse/opensearch-neural-sparse-tokenizer-v1/1.0.0/torch_script/config.json) | This is a neural sparse tokenizer model: It tokenizes input sentence into tokens and assign pre-defined weight from IDF to each (default to 1 if IDF file not provided). It serves only in query and please use doc model in ingestion.  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `amazon/neural-sparse/opensearch-neural-sparse-tokenizer-v1` | Yes | - [model_url](https://artifacts.opensearch.org/models/ml-models/amazon/neural-sparse/opensearch-neural-sparse-tokenizer-v1/1.0.0/torch_script/opensearch-neural-sparse-tokenizer-v1-1.0.0.zip)<br>- [config_url](https://artifacts.opensearch.org/models/ml-models/amazon/neural-sparse/opensearch-neural-sparse-tokenizer-v1/1.0.0/torch_script/config.json) | A neural sparse tokenizer model. The model tokenizes text into tokens and assigns each token a predefined weight, which is the token's IDF (if the IDF file is not provided, the weight defaults to 1). You can use this model during search only. During ingestion, use a document model.  |
```
